HEY EVERYONE.
WELCOME BACK TO MOVIE RECAP...
TODAY I'M GOING TO SHOW YOU A MOVIE, TITLED
PEPPERMINT.
IT IS A 2018 AMERICAN VIGILANTE ACTION THRILLER FILM
DIRECTED BY PIERRE MOREL
AND STARRING JENNIFER GARNER...
THE MOVIE IS ABOUT A MOTHER WHO TRANSFORMS HERSELF
INTO A VIGILANTE IN A QUEST FOR REVENGE
AGAINST A DRUG CARTEL THAT KILLED HER DAUGHTER AND HER HUSBAND.
LET'S START...
THE FILM OPENS WITH WHAT APPEARS TO BE A STRUGGLE HAPPENING IN A CAR.
RILEY NORTH IS FIGHTING A GANGSTER WHO SLASHES HER LEG WITH HIS KNIFE.
SHE GAINS THE UPPER HAND AND HOLDS A GUN UNDER HIS CHIN.
RILEY ASKS IF HE REMEMBERS HER
BUT HE SIMPLY RESPONDS WITH A DEFIANT, "F**K YOU!!!",
BEFORE RILEY BLOWS HIS BRAINS OUT...
RILEY GOES TO AN IMPOVERISHED NEIGHBORHOOD WHERE SHE HIDES OUT.
SHE ENTERS HER VAN WHERE SHE TENDS TO HER LEG WOUND AND HAS A DRINK.
SHE GOES THROUGH HER BELONGINGS
AND OUTFALLS A BOX OF GIRL SCOUT COOKIES.
FIVE YEARS EARLIER...
RILEY IS SEEN WITH HER DAUGHTER CARLY,
AFTER GETTING INTO AN ARGUMENT
WITH ANOTHER GIRL SCOUT'S MOTHER, PEG,
WHO COMPLAINS TO RILEY
THAT THEY WERE SELLING ON THEIR TURF.
LATER, RILEY AND CARLY STOPPED TO VISIT RILEY'S HUSBAND,
CARLY'S FATHER CHRIS,
WHO UNBEKNOWNST TO RILEY,
IS ARRANGING SOME KIND OF SHADY DEAL WITH HIS CO-WORKER, MICKEY.
RILEY THEN GOES TO WORK AT HER BANK
AND IS TOLD TO WORK LATE, EVEN THOUGH IT'S CARLY'S BIRTHDAY.
RILEY GOES HOME FOR CARLY'S BIRTHDAY PARTY,
ONLY TO FIND HER HUSBAND CHRIS AND HER DAUGHTER
DISAPPOINTED BECAUSE NOBODY SHOWED UP,
THANKS TO PEG,
WHO SPITEFULLY THREW A HOLIDAY PARTY
AND INVITED ALL THE OTHER KIDS
BUT LEFT A VOICEMAIL JUST TO TAUNT RILEY AND CARLY.
RILEY DECIDES NOT TO LET CARLY STAY SAD,
SO SHE SUGGESTS THEY ALL GO TO THE CHRISTMAS CARNIVAL.
AS THEY HEAD OUT, CHRIS CALLS MICKEY TO TELL HIM
HE'S BACKING OUT OF THE DEAL...
THE FAMILY LEAVES AND THEY ARE WATCHED BY A GANG-BANGER.
HE CALLS HIS BOSS, CARTEL LEADER DIEGO GARCIA.
GARCIA IS IN THE MIDDLE OF TORTURING MICKEY,
WHO WAS APPARENTLY TRYING TO STEAL
FROM GARCIA WITH CHRIS'S HELP...
GARCIA ORDERS HIS GUY TO FOLLOW CHRIS
RIGHT BEFORE HE DECAPITATES MICKEY.
THE NORTHS ENJOY THEIR EVENING AT THE CARNIVAL
AND END THE NIGHT WITH ICE CREAM.
AS CHRIS AND CARLY WALK BACK TOWARD THE CAR,
THREE GANG-BANGERS DRIVE UP BY THEM AND SHOOT THEM.
RILEY GETS SHOT AS WELL
BUT SHE MANAGES TO MAKE IT TO THE BODIES
OF HER HUSBAND AND DAUGHTER...
RILEY WAKES UP IN THE HOSPITAL
AND MEETS WITH DETECTIVE STAN CARMICHAEL...
HE TELLS RILEY,
THAT THE SUSPECTS HAVE BEEN APPREHENDED
AND HE GIVES RILEY THE PHOTO BOOTH
PICTURES SHE TOOK WITH CHRIS AND CARLY.
RILEY IS BROUGHT IN TO IDENTIFY THE GANG-BANGERS.
SHE RECOGNIZES ALL THREE OF THEM
BY THEIR FACE TATTOOS...
LATER, AS SHE IS PACKING UP CHRIS AND CARLY'S THINGS,
RILEY IS VISITED BY AN ATTORNEY NAMED, HENDERSON
WHO ATTEMPTS TO BRIBE RILEY INTO DROPPING HER TESTIMONY
AGAINST THE CRIMINALS THAT HE IS REPRESENTING...
HE ALSO NOTICES SOME MEDICATION
THAT RILEY IS TAKING BUT
SHE FORCES HIM OUT OF HER HOUSE...
RILEY IS BROUGHT IN TO TESTIFY AGAINST THE GANG-BANGERS,
BUT HENDERSON TRIES TO USE THE MEDICATION THING
AGAINST HER BY SAYING HER MEMORY WAS HAZY
OR THAT SHE IS MENTALLY UNFIT TO REMEMBER THEM.
JUDGE JAMES STEVENS RULES AGAINST RILEY'S FAVOR
AND LETS THE KILLERS WALK...
RILEY SNAPS AND TRIES TO ATTACK THE GANG-BANGERS
BUT SHE IS TASED BY THE BAILIFF
AND THE KILLERS LAUGH IN HER FACE.
RILEY IS BEING WHEELED AWAY TO A PSYCH WARD
AND CARMICHAEL HOPS IN TO JOIN HER IN THE AMBULANCE
BUT SHE GRABS AN OXYGEN TANK WHACKS CARMICHAEL ACROSS THE HEAD
AND THEN RUNS OUT OF THE AMBULANCE, DISAPPEARING...
IN THE PRESENT DAY, CARMICHAEL MEETS WITH HIS PARTNER,
MOISES BELTRAN,
AS THEY FIND THE BODIES OF THE THREE KILLERS
HUNG UPSIDE DOWN FROM A FERRIS WHEEL...
RILEY GOES TO THE HOME OF JUDGE STEVENS
AND TIES HIM UP AFTER BEATING HIM
AND NAILING HIS HANDS TO THE TABLE.
SHE MAKES SURE HE REMEMBERS HER
AND SHE TELLS HIM THAT THE ROPE HE'S TIED UP WITH IS EXPLOSIVE.
RILEY HOPS ON A BUS
AND THEN DETONATESTHE ROPE, BLOWING STEVENS UP.
ON THE BUS, RILEY MEETS A YOUNG BOY
AND SHE GIVES HIM A TOY THAT SHE SWIPED FROM STEVEN'S HOME.
SHE NOTICES THE BOY'S FATHER IS DRUNK,
AND AS THEY GET OFF THE BUS,
THE MAN ENTERS A LIQUOR STORE WHILE HIS SON WAITS OUTSIDE.
RILEY PISTOL WHIPS THE GUY
AND ORDERS HIM TO NOT EVER DRINK AGAIN
AND TO BE A GOOD FATHER
OR SHE WILL FIND HIM
SINCE SHE SAW HIS ID
AND REMEMBERS HIS ADDRESS...
SHE THEN FORCES THE CLERK TO GIVE HER HIS CAR BUT SHE AT LEAST,
GIVES HIM MONEY FOR IT.
CARMICHAEL AND BELTRAN MEET WITH FELLOW DETECTIVE INMAN.
AS THEY SUSPECT RILEY TO BE BEHIND THESE KILLINGS,
SEEING AS HOW IT IS THE FIVE-YEAR
ANNIVERSARY OF CHRIS AND CARLY'S MURDERS...
AFTER THE TRIAL, RILEY ROBBED HER BANK
AND STOLE MILITARY GRADE GUNS FROM A WAREHOUSE
BEFORE GOING OFF THE GRID...
CARMICHAEL THEN GETS A PHONE CALL
TELLING HIM ABOUT STEVEN'S DEATH,
AS WELL AS THE FACT THAT HENDERSON WAS FOUND FACE DOWN IN HIS POOL.
THIS BASICALLY CONFIRMS FOR THEM THAT RILEY WAS INVOLVED...
RILEY DRIVES TO A PINATA STORE
AND KILLS THE TWO MEN OUTSIDE BEFORE ENTERING...
A FIRE FIGHT ENSUES BUT RILEY KILLS ALL
THE MEN INSIDE EXCEPT FOR ONE, MARVIN...
HE LATER REPORTS ON WHAT HAPPENED TO GARCIA
AND MARVIN GETS KILLED FOR SPILLING HIS GUTS TO RILEY.
IN ORDER TO GET RID OF RILEY,
GARCIA ARRANGES FOR HIS MEN TO LURE
HER TO A WAREHOUSE.
SHE FINDS A BOMB THERE AND HIDES
JUST AS GARCIA'S MEN DETONATE IT,
OBLITERATING THE WHOLE BUILDING.
RILEY GETS OUT THROUGH THE SEWERS AND STEALS SOMEONE'S CAR
SO SHE CAN GO AFTER THE GUYS.
SHE CATCHES UP, KILLS THEM, AND THEN MANAGES
TO DRIVE TO GARCIA'S HOME...
RILEY KILLS MOST OF THE MEN IN THERE
BEFORE MAKING IT TO GARCIA HIMSELF.
SHE HAS HIS GUN TURNED ON HIM
BUT BEFORE SHE CAN PULL THE TRIGGER,
GARCIA'S DAUGHTER, WHO LOOKS ABOUT THE
SAME AGE AS CARLY WHEN SHE DIED, WALKS IN.
GARCIA STABS RILEY IN THE SIDE
AND GETS OUT WITH HIS DAUGHTER AND HIS MEN.
RILEY FLEES AND FINDS PEG'S HOME..
SHE PUNCHES PEG IN THE FACE
AND BARGES IN TO TEND TO HER WOUNDS
RILEY HAS PEGGED TIED UP,
POINTING OUT THAT PEG'S HUSBAND
LEFT HER FOR ANOTHER WOMAN.
RILEY THREATENS PEG
AND EVEN MAKES HER PISS HERSELF
BEFORE SHE LEAVES HER THERE...
INMAN TRAVELS TO THE POOR NEIGHBORHOOD
TO CONTINUE HER INVESTIGATION.
SHE LEARNS FROM ONE OF THE MEN THERE
THAT THE CRIME RATE IN THAT AREA
WENT DOWN BECAUSE OF THE "ANGEL" LOOKING OUT FOR THEM.
SHE IS THEN MET BY CARMICHAEL IN THAT AREA.
WHEN SHE COMES CLOSE TO REALIZING
SOMEBODY IN THE POLICE DEPARTMENT IS TIPPING OFF GARCIA,
CARMICHAEL REVEALS HIMSELF TO BE DIRTY,
AND HE SHOOTS INMAN DEAD...
GARCIA MEETS WITH CARMICHAEL IN THE AREA.
RILEY FINDS INMAN'S BODY
AND TAKES HER PHONE TO MAKE A LIVE VIDEO THAT HITS THE NEWS.
AS GARCIA AND HIS MEN GATHER,
RILEY EXPOSES CARMICHAEL AND GARCIA FOR
THE SCUMBAGS THEY ARE,
AND SHE INVITES THE POLICE AND THE NEWS TO THAT AREA.
GARCIA THEN CALLS RILEY OUT USING A WALKIE-TALKIE
AND ORDERS HER TO COME OUT
OR HE WILL EXECUTE A LITTLE GIRL FROM THAT NEIGHBORHOOD.
RILEY SURRENDERS AND APPROACHES GARCIA
HE STARTS TO BEAT RILEY UP JUST BEFORE THE POLICE SHOW UP.
THINKING CARMICHAEL SET HIM UP,
GARCIA SHOOTS HIM DEAD.
GARCIA'S MEN ARE ARRESTED AS HE TRIES TO FLEE,
BUT RILEY CATCHES UP TO HIM...
SHE HOLDS HER GUN AT HIM,
AND THE POLICE HAVE THEIR WEAPONS DRAWN ON HER.
BELTRAN BEGS RILEY NOT TO SHOOT GARCIA,
AND HE TAUNTS HER SAYING
THAT SHE'LL BE IN PRISON LONGER THAN HIM...
RILEY SAYS "WE'RE NOT GOING TO PRISON",
AND SHE SHOOTS HIM IN THE HEAD,
AND THE POLICE RETURN FIRE...
RILEY MANAGES TO FLEE
BUT BELTRAN SAYS HE KNOWS WHERE SHE'S GOING.
THE COPS FIND RILEY AT THE CEMETERY AT CHRIS AND CARLY'S GRAVE.
SHE BREAKS DOWN WEEPING AS BELTRAN APPROACHES HER...
RILEY FEELS SHE IS READY TO DIE THERE,
BUT BELTRAN SAYS OTHERWISE.
ON THE LAST SCENE OF THIS FILM,
RILEY IS IN THE HOSPITAL,
AND THE NEWS REPORTS ON HOW CIVILIANS
SEE RILEY AS SOME KIND OF HEROIC VIGILANTE,
BUT THE POLICE SAY SHE WILL ANSWER FOR HER CRIMES.
BELTRAN WALKS INTO RILEY'S ROOM AND SLIPS A KEY INTO HER HAND,
LETTING HER REMOVE HER HANDCUFFS AND ESCAPE ONCE AGAIN.
THANKS FOR WATCHING...
SEE YOU IN ANOTHER MOVIE RECAP.
PLEASE LIKE AND SUBSCRIBE,
AND CLICK THE BELL ICON TO GET NEW VIDEO UPDATES...
HAVE A NICE DAY...!